Stop!
Is this the feeling of being protected?
How dare you bully Dung Thien's wife, my daughter-in-law?
I want Dung Thien to fire you all.
The Dung Thien you mentioned is the captain of Dinh Lan Airlines.
Dad, isn't that a guard?
Ah, threaten them, if not really let them bully you like that?
You said you were Captain Night's father.
Love is his wife.
A woman without shame.
Captain Ip could see him too.
Right.
I don't see how much I weigh.
Bringing an old man to pretend to be Captain Ip's wife.
Uncle, how much money did you get to agree to cooperate with his loyalty?
Love is my daughter-in-law, I see who you dare to bully her
Move out!
Oh, Dad.
Maybe if something happened to my father, I wouldn't let him go.
Ding Cam, now you've lost money, you just lost a job.
If you continue like this
Then I can't help you finish.
I want to see what you can do with this old man.
How do you take performance photos